AI GENERATED. But I wanted to I think some of it.
This is the
the
the.
It
You know as soon as the
there were two persons standing and one of them was the pastor who was sing,
was it there was somebody standing in.
She was wearing a blue suit and the car,
but she was smelling me some uncles.
You've been drinking
No I
I
I.
The country.
Can you remember we had a problem.
But I told you that
You you just to come back.
It took place in.
For the first time.
talking to them you know.
Well,
at the end of it,
as if she quarrelled with her or something and
we wanted to go.
What was the quarrel between her and them and then she came,
but I say that are we realised or not and my head.
But I must say one what we do,
but Italians have said.
What it really is so.
There's a kind of a
thing,
it's very appealing their stuff.
they are not so dried out.
Right.
No,
they don't think that everything has come to conclusion now sort of
you know we are the top of the world.
We are sorted out.
They don't think that they think there are
so many things which cannot be explained and
they're not so absolutely sure of that.
I'm.
So
I told a few people to come tomorrow with lemons that will avoid them.
We have to get some lemons.
We have to take some lemon and
and lady was depressed and all that and then we had to give photographs of.
So
you just do nothing and we are being.
It's fact that now they're coming under the legal.
An understanding of this type of food now.
OK,
like what is that called?
Don't think
legally comes from them because
they must be they must be doing all these illegal things because that's good.
start coming in
everybody started uh and.
The
I don't think
you know that now the whole authority of challenge.
Because there are so many things,
the frost,
this can,
this can.
the beauty of all is that it's expose.
To.
The la.
So there is not at all for us to be worried about.
They just get exposed.
Another thing is all false would quarrel among them.
Well,
I first.
It
Well it was a good rule.
Uh,
of course I
so.
You know,
of course I lagenically felt,
uh,
and,
in his uh his,
his teacher.
But lu.
You
What
that
And I got 2 days.
But what I said.
yeah.
Uh,
they also a programme.
There are also some people from the programme here.
Yes that was already there.
Yeah.
So
I.
and more people come tonight.
And.
Yeah,
but you wrote your organisation.
What.
What are the names.
The first name Lucien is in your family you know.
Uh,
Elga.
So
Uh,
I
think you have it takes up so fast.
You don't have to.
Because people are thinking about it.
That's.
The
uh.
Uh.
So.
See,
the more opposition we have,
that's a sure sign that they have threatened you,
so we shouldn't be upset with that.
But I didn't affected.
And that is the.
I'm something you off and I know that.
And to those people
who have gone through this panic ideology.
are better to judge
and these young people are just entering into a new venture
like this you must have seen all this.
So for her
she must be understanding that this is not the end.
We have to find her and then you need to be.
uh.
I have.
You see like uh people can understand to experience this,
but you see we have had all this kind of thing in every country.
Every religion they have had all these kind of things,
preaching things that.
Where have we been?
You see,
everybody starts seeing.
Where are we?
Where are we.
And in the.
And I'm so careful that
this should not be provoked.
Be careful with that.
And as you know that how gradually.
fully talk of how people when they achieve certain level of understanding.
You don't want the truth on their heads just like that.
Oh.
that she wants.
Latina.
But despite all that,
That things can happen.
So once you talk on this the,
this is nothing.
I tell you that this is nothing.
Compared to what one can.
This is nothing.
Just take it.
It's nothing to what or nothing to what will come.
that
I will warn you beforehand.
I told you
that
The is up.
Of the intellectuals.
It's extremely you talk about this
this afternoon or this morning this morning or morning.
Also,
the Protestants of Protestants,
you see,
see,
now I'll tell you what.
See how Protestantism has come for the Catholics.
They started
What uh what you call a
method by which
the characters was absolutely gripping.
So Martin Luther could see so obvious it was
that the Pope was selling fast to the heaven.
This is what happens.
It comes out in such a funny shape that everybody.
So actually Catholicism
was a blow to the Jew Catholicism but the uh by
Chris was a blow to the so he tried to deviate.
From that and give them the right thing because he wanted to
talk about the spiritual life and eternal life and all that.
But so many Jews.
Now when Christ came in,
what he preached that also became another Bible.
Now the only intelligent can read and split the hair out of it,
intelligence.
And then they studied it to see they twisted it to them.
No,
that they believe in it because this is what they have got the book in their hand.
They are now studying now.
They are not.
and that's how they used uh
now uh
uh
I mean actually the Catholics use the same Bible for your information.
Of the Catholics so that more.
And the Muslims use the same Torah.
The all that was.
Jews.
So
then Mohammad came,
they denied him on those 5 books.
Every time they did like this using a book.
Then Martin came in.
He revised the whole thing.
He wanted to revise it and do it.
He said this is.
That
you should not have these uh none of these and all that
and it's just spontaneously.
Protestants
Once a priest from Protestant church went to Mahatma Gandhi and asked him what,
why don't you become a Christian.
So I'll be very happy,
but which should I join.
And which I can be.
Then the fellow didn't know what to say.
OK.
So you
Your Bible interpretation.
It's a last word,
then it should be the only one.
How can there be 1,0001 interpretation?
He la.
Now there are so many interpretations and actually
people are at daggers and with each other
like in uh in the say in Ireland now.
Think of Ireland where the all the people following Christ
very ardently are fighting each other uh what is uh.
So decrease
decrease
so whatever medium they have used,
whatever interpretation they have used.
If not,
OK.
It.
Because they use their brains
according to their understanding,
there are so many Bibles and so many churches and so many problems.
Now what I'm saying is that to read the Bible you must use your spirit
is it is it sorry.
I was
You can only achieve it by reality.
It was that could be.
But people don't want to.
Unless they get the realisation they won't understand
Bible in its right.
One sentence of Bible that I will appear before you.
Uh,
the flames them.
They fun
fun.
And everybody will say something else,
but inside of even a person who has children.
who are not
educated,
who can't read the Bible.
The
When Christ said you have to be like children,
you meant you forget all your educational Bible.
I did.
I love to be able to work.
They are all complicated people
and they have conferences and arguments and fights.
And what are they getting?
That donkeys hitting each other.
That's all I feel about that.
Because this pass.
If it is the truth,
if it is the reality,
what is there to fight for it.
It should be it should be exposed to you.
It should be that.
You don't fight for your nose,
it is your own.
But if you want to learn it from others.
Then
When you are human being watch it you can brainwash them.
You can make them feel there is no God.
You can make anything out of them.
They are so vulnerable
because they live in the world.
They have to come to that point.
But they understand why am I doing it after all,
what am I to gain
I'm not a pastor who paid for I don't take any money by God's grace,
I have a very comfortable house of my own and I live very comfortably with my.
Ico,
nothing out of.
Then why am I wanting to be.
in the other room.
So this is what,
but they don't want to think because you see anybody can brainwash
human beings.
I see.
I don't
Like I went to China first
and then all talking of Mao and if Mao was born.
Nobody would talk a sentence without Mao so the first
person who this experience of the Bible was Mao.
Now,
Once he died,
then there was an earthquake,
so now they they have forgotten about him.
They think he was wrong.
Some believe that he was wrong.
Hitler came in all the Germans believed
that Hitler was absolutely correct.
We are all chosen people.
We are.
What a stupid thing to believe.
I mean,
how can such a stupid thing like that
and to believing in such a nonsensical thing,
how much harm they have done.
To human beings
and to their basic values which are.
So he failed by God.
Now they say it's a political mistake.
He's a very nice.
That there has been lots of brainwashing going on
of these fans that you think is wrong,
but if you go to and you talk to anybody from that country,
you'll be amazed
that even some Indians who are there are believing that is correct.
Can you believe it.
You
don't have their own personality.
They talk of individual,
but I think they are
only
blood type of people.
uh
uh.
Then an individual rises and he fights
this kind of a thing,
then
others join him but they again become another club.
uh.
But it is not a living clubs.
There is no living oneness.
Therefore we need to.
So it will it will be all dead and it is fine and.
But the living thing well it is one.
That it is completely
uh absolutely
in uh
uh the best of its manifestation.
And that is what people don't understand
that clubbing.
As dead people
in the.
Uh
uh.
I see you from any organisation?
all go down 252 they lose because they get away
from that.
done
this.
So only the organisation that is living is the eternal organisation.
The you.
But you cannot organise the living organisation
with your mind,
it just is organised like all my five fingers act according to the way I want.
I don't have to think beforehand that when I lift
this finger finger and I don't plan it that way.
It just happens.
The whole body reacts
because it's a living
in the same way if people get realisation,
many people get realisation,
you form
that great primordial being which is now awakened as the sense of that.
the.
The fighting going on now between Jews andros,
the fighting going on between Khomeini and the Iraqi.
The fighting going on,
uh,
between,
people in say
Chile and Argentina.
It's all nothing but the fighting
that gathered.
The Russians are fighting that.
The so-called Christian nations like America is
supplying all arms to all the countries.
Imagine that Christian nations supplying arms to all other nations.
are supposed to be.
because of.
That was first British did work best,
but then now the Swiss at this stage Swiss because all the parts of India,
all the politicians of India,
all the people who are making money out of the poor people.
Swiss.
Now they found find another monetary fund,
you see,
from this side to side,
from that side to have a monetary fund to help the develop it.
I know a very good plan for Marsh always used to come to Switzerland.
And then it was discovered
that he's the one who had taken lots of money from
from Mauritius.
Sukarno,
another fellow,
all his money was in here.
This
Uh.
So this is another Christian nation.
One Christian nation,
America is trying to
send all,
all their weapons and their bad medicines to developing countries.
are the people who dominated all over the world up to China to get out of their place.
They went everywhere in India for 300 years
and now they don't Indians to stay there for 3 months.
Look at the great Christians.
Every lamppost in that country.
they,
they killed so many people.
They were still believing in Christ and God we are killing the Jews
Jews are killing the Arabs because they don't believe in Jews.
I.
I mean,
are supposed to be.
We must and see that
we have to do a lot if we have to really make Christ live.
All right,
that's all right.
It was a nice
Otherwise,
how would that not all going to do
now what
I think you all have something to do but enjoy yourself.
just stop
I.
Yeah